Renamed "Web platform" TOC bucket to "Development tips for Microsoft Edge" (#2400)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/develop-web-microsoft-edge.md

> ms.topic: conceptual

Author: CapB wrote on main page of PR:

We should also think about renaming the "Web Platform" card on the landing page: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/developer/

Author: pushed fix

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Development tips for Microsoft Edge

> Considerations for developing websites and products for the web platform include the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many tips and tricks to be aware of when building on the web platform, which include: 
```

Author: fixed locally, trying (possibly more natural/transparent):
There are many tips and tricks to be aware of when building on the web platform, including:

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Development tips for Microsoft Edge

> There are many tips and tricks to be aware of when building on the web platform, including:

Reviewer 2: I think we can simplify `web platform` to `web`, and we somehow need to say that those tips are specific to Edge only. Suggestion:

```suggestion
There are many tips and tricks to be aware of when building web sites or apps that work in Microsoft Edge, including:
```

Author: in this top-level doc and the bucket intro:
There are many tips and tricks to be aware of when building websites or web apps that work in Microsoft Edge, including:
